a year-long record fall in prices
precious metals seriously knocked down and the market
gold in Russia how is it you now
Feels us told Nikita Dudkin
Assistant Chairman of the Board of the Union
gold producers of Russia
hello how do you rate the state
gold market in russia now what
main trends you see and forecasts
times the state of the gold market in Russia
now a little heavy because how are you
well know last year we had
dramatic price drop after 12 years
growth in gold price has fallen and is pretty
dropped significantly by
many gold let's look for the company of Russia
but not only in Russia in the world fall
prices are very hard hit by this
companies were forced to resort to
certain measures for
decline
funding call him still
industry in particular
there was a decrease in both costs
leading hall of a mining company in Russia
we have reduced our capital costs
but also lowered the forecast here on 14 here in
last year, operating rooms were cut off
costs that is
saved on everything possible
here and according to you how they managed not
lose profit or
and reduce losses profit after all
many companies had to lose
because the course is not very price
hit the loss end part
companies cut yes indeed it
so well, anyway, a number of companies stayed in
last year’s loss one of
major also retaliate
this high task was something that
companies increased gold production
i.e
last year we had a marked
gold production and a number of companies
responded to the price drop
increasing production volumes here in
this year we have a trend continues
this is for the first 7 months of this year
Russia’s gold production has increased
to 27 cents that is, growth in general,
inertia also goes
one of the trends is that
companies worked higher
ore the so-called x grading that is
took ore with high grade but on
this may be bad for many
further as words are fast and pro and
Denmark its mineral resource base
also went saving on exploration
works
companies put off projects
its own
last year on its own
Gross Viku field
suspended work and company
Petropavlovsk postponed here
autoclave moved it to 2019 but
now from the company come such
messages that the same Petropavlovsk already
sort of like in the 15th year planning
run autoclave and nord gold on the gross
development is again, that is, due to what
due to the fact that they expect further
price increases or just more mined
sold more and thereby covered their
costs firstly you say it right
Of course the market situation is a little bit
stabilized and that's the price now
firmly holding 1 level 1300 dollars
per ounce here a little bit falls a little
growing but prices have generally stabilized
and remain at the level that instills in
companies some optimism can be though
to lucky star can at least something
plan really thats because
Then again went so good news
let's say how much lost
not industrialists but those who sold it
gold anyway company you
mined sold but lost mostly those
who traded in gold due to falling prices
because they bought all the same for above
cost price
well first lost first
Of course companies because they
give out gold at current prices only two
companies as far as
well known fixed part
his gold company Petropavlovsk
last year and this year part of the gold
fixed kan hee jim company pole
gold concluded forward contracts then
there is not like that even win on it and
unstable situation other companies
why don't they
hedge their price risks difficult
say maybe we have this practice
not yet very common because
what were the good years
and now probably other companies
think about this measure from the situation
gold will continue to be unstable anyway
it seems that goes out over the for
your when it comes out when we can
see those numbers or never
there is a toast that speculative price increase on
gold which was not visible yet
10 coming here very much depends on the
China since it is well known that China
is actively increasing its gold and currency
reserves according to official estimates they
now make up about a thousand tons
gold but how would there be information that
china just won't divulge the numbers and
his gold reserves may exceed
official several times and if china
make public this figure which
it is already valid then
maybe the price of gold is very strong
will go up and
for a short time
can exceed and 1700 1800 dollars for
ounce that is, it all depends largely on
detail of course outfit federal
us reserve system which is always
was the main indicator of the price of
gold that is, but if we say that
Now there is a program of wheels reduction
quantitative easing programs
federal reserve system ie
expect some jumps in gold prices
we, too, on this side will not be well, yet
I think so expect some jumps
difficult if possible
tense situation in the world can be
like that too bend the price up it
only if countries are involved
key buyers
gold was not just him
fixed and that's what
where was the height of the military crisis on
Ukraine price went up a little in
Iraqi the same situation when with militants
Islamic army was tense too
price went up gold remains quiet
by the harbor
nothing crisis we will not see their
review of the gold market in Russia with us
shared Nikita Dudkin from the union
Russian gold producers thanks for
your attention with you was evgeny ben so
specially for dukascopy tivi
from Moscow